{{Event tab}}
{{Synopsis head
|desc = A stubborn stone falls off a cliff. Will it wither and rot, or smash into pieces?<br/>A drop of rain long craved by a mountain village turns into a surging deluge,<br/>taking lives, names, and the very meaning of "benevolence" from [[Moushan]]'s name.<br/>The blade in [[Qiubai]]'s hand can protect lives, but cannot rein in the will of the people.<br/>Mountains surround Moushan village, but outside the mountain range,<br/>just how many more incidents like this are transpiring?}}

==Afraid to Return Home==
Following the Yumen crisis, [[Qiubai]] embarks on a journey and hunts down the remnants of the [[Shanhaizhong]]. She discovers a [[Liberi]] boy by the name of [[Fang Xiaoshi]], who flees from her with his traps. She eventually corners him, and Xiaoshi makes up tall tales about his infamy and being the leader of a group of bandits. In truth, he was picked up by them and was told to do errands, including mistakenly selling their [[Burdenbeast|burdenbeast]]. Xiaoshi tries to threaten her by claiming he has explosives, even wielding a knife when his belongings fall to the ground after his bag is slashed, revealing a key to a house in Moushan Village. He is unable to do anything to drive the swordswoman away, and Qiubai tells him to lead the way to Moushan.

Xiaoshi constantly attempts to escape from her during their trek, making it a troublesome journey for Qiubai. He quietly runs away from an eatery after signaling to the owner that he has been kidnapped, and then hides in the nearby woods. However, Qiubai manages to track him down and saves him from a hungry tuskbeast but gets scratched by the beast. While camping out for the night, Xiaoshi gives Qiubai medicinal powder, even cutting himself and using the powder to prove it is not poisoned. He asks Qiubai about her kung fu and begs to be her disciple, or at least to be allowed to follow her. Qiubai learns that he fled the village because he was hated by the villagers, while Qiubai replies that her home was long gone.

The next morning, they continue their journey, with Xiaoshi insisting on climbing a mountain to see Yumen from the top. He fails to spot the nomadic city but points out the Chidao, the Yanese roads built for Catastrophe avoidance and resource transportation, reaching remote areas that [[Nomadic city|nomadic cities]] do not. Xiaoshi asks about Yumen, lamenting that he wasn't allowed to go with the Shanhaizhong group, but Qiubai notes that he was lucky. She explains that Yumen is filled with ordinary people and that the desert course of Yumen does not make life easy. They eventually arrive at the small village of Moushan, passing by a temple and a fresh grave, and are noticed by a plowing villager, who immediately runs to report to the village elder after confirming that the boy is Xiaoshi. Having returned home, Xiaoshi enters his house, but despite it still seeming lived in, he sees no one. He leaves to search for his father but soon finds himself being chased by angry villagers.

==Courtyard Valley==
Three years ago, in the Terran year 1099, Fang Xiaoshi had a heated argument with the villagers regarding the Yishan Temple, which occupied the Fang family's land. He accused them of being prejudiced against his family because they were outsiders, but the villagers argued that the arrangement had been agreed upon by everyone and that the temple, which honored their ancestors, helped protect their harvest. Out of spite, Xiaoshi destroyed the temple with explosives, but he was injured in the blast and left the village not long after.

In the present, Qiubai muses about the large number of people gathered in front of the house as Xiaoshi's father arrives. The villagers disperse after he promises to uphold their agreement, and Xiaoshi has an awkward reunion with his father as they head inside for a meal, while Qiubai says she will look around. Qiubai meets the village chief of Moushan, [[Zhou Shun]]. She rescues a small burdenbeast that has fallen into a well and remarks on the muddy water. While Zhou Shun expresses his gratitude for bringing Xiaoshi back, he also explains that their harvest has been poor for the past two years. He then reveals Xiaoshi's actions three years earlier and admits that they were shocked to see him alive, as they had believed he had perished in the wilderness. 

Now alone together, Mr. Fang gives Xiaoshi some items to repay Qiubai, convinced that his son must have wronged her in some way, though he is relieved that Xiaoshi has returned safe and sound. They soon get into an argument, with Xiaoshi still angry that his father is treated unfairly by the villagers, even wishing to blow up the temple again. Xiaoshi notices the log his father is carrying, which his father claims is meant to be used for making his own coffin. They talk about what happened three years earlier, with Xiaoshi explaining how he survived and his father explaining that the villagers had helped him in his search. Mr. Fang urges his son not to be so stubborn, and Xiaoshi eventually relents to his plea.

Later, Xiaoshi and Qiubai part ways after he fails to convince her to stay and teach him for a while longer. He promises that she will one day hear of his deeds and even asks her to bid farewell with a line like those found in novels. Afterwards, the clan elder insists on accompanying Qiubai to the village entrance. After leaving the village, Qiubai glances toward the inconspicuous grave near the entrance.

The village holds an urgent meeting at the Yishan Temple, now partially repaired thanks to Mr. Fang's efforts, with Zhou Shun personally presiding over the meeting. He formally announces that Xiaoshi has apologized for blowing up the temple and that the villagers are willing to forgive past grievances. He also officially accepts the Fang family into the Zhou clan, as Xiaoshi's mother was a daughter of the Zhou family, and even promises that Xiaoshi may change his family name. His only request is that Xiaoshi must fake his death.

==Neither Gods Nor Demons==
A few days before Qiubai and Xiaoshi's arrival, a mudslide caused by a heavy night of rain destroyed parts of the Chidao near the village and killed an unnamed boy, with only his camcorder salvaged from the disaster. Because the deceased boy resembled Xiaoshi, the villagers decided to fabricate a story claiming that the missing Xiaoshi had died in the disaster while performing maintenance work on the Chidao. Zhou Shun prays to the ancestors with old fruit and moldy seeds, lamenting their poor harvest despite Chunfen, and reflects that their plan is a wicked one. But the village needs the money, as they have yet to receive subsidies from the local authorities. After finishing his prayer, Zhou Shun leaves the altar. Unbeknownst to him, [[Saga]] had been meditating behind the statue after taking shelter in the village from the rain, and overheard everything. She wonders what difference there truly is between earthly events and the visions depicted in [[Dusk]]'s paintings.

[[File:Empty Mind, Clear Senses.png|thumb|"Head Priest, pray tell the difference between earthly events and the visions of the painting?"]]

Xiaoshi has been detained by the others until the village receives the money, but he refuses to eat or give up his name to the corpse. The villager delivering his food reveals that everyone agreed to the plan and tries to convince him to do the same, as the village is in dire straits. Meanwhile, Zhou Shun is watering the crops with muddy water from the well when he is approached by a villager who tries to ease his guilty conscience. Zhou Shun relents and asks them not to treat Xiaoshi poorly. Later, he gives his mobility scooter to a villager whose plow has broken, unaware that Qiubai is watching him from behind the fence.

Qiubai then meets Mr. Fang, who is carving wood. He claims it is for a bow, but Qiubai reveals her suspicion that it is actually a grave marker for "Fang Xiaoshi." Mr. Fang stops carving, surprised that she knows, and Qiubai says she had hoped her assumptions were wrong. She asks him how it feels to declare his own son dead. Mr. Fang inwardly recalls how he gave up being a hunter and bought land in Moushan but had planned to leave with the compensation money to search for Xiaoshi. He expresses his gratitude once more but asks Qiubai not to interfere. The [[Elafia]] replies that she will not, but in turn asks whether Xiaoshi will truly find peace and safety in Moushan, musing that his temperament might lead him to ruin their plan. As she was the one who brought Xiaoshi back, she declares that she will ensure his safety and stay in the village for the time being.

That night, two children sneak into the elder's house and manage to turn on the camcorder. Much to Zhou Shun's surprise, the footage shows the familiar figure of the female [[Forte]] [[Wind Chimes|Messenger]] who often visits their village. He is stunned, realizing that the mysterious dead boy was not alone.

==Health and Safety==
The villagers are panicked by the sudden arrival of the local envoy dispatched by the mandarins. [[Mulberry]], a member of a disaster relief team, meets with the village elder. She is mistakenly thought to be a mandarin. To the elder's surprise, not only is she unaware of his request for subsidies, but she is also an investigator for the mudslide. He pushes back against Mulberry's request to check the fortifications across the mountain slopes, claiming there will be no one to escort her. Saga suddenly enters the temple and volunteers to escort Mulberry. Zhou Shun fails to stop them without arousing suspicion and is soon called away, as trouble has arisen on Mr. Fang's side. The villagers hurriedly begin the funeral after pressuring Mr. Fang for the grave marker and relocating Xiaoshi to somewhere else. Though he hesitates, they force it back into his hands and watch as he slowly lowers it.

[[File:Slice the Farce.png|thumb|Why even wield a sword... If you stay silent in the face of injustice?]]
Just then, Qiubai slashes the marker with her sword. Seeing their fear, she sheathes her blade and admonishes them for nearly defiling two lives. She is reminded of her past, when her father refused to abandon his banditry despite her pleas, and declares that while she can understand their struggles, it is no excuse for injustice. When she asks where Xiaoshi is, the villagers tell her that he has been relocated to a nearby mountain due to the mandarin's unexpected visit, prompting Qiubai to rush there, with Mr. Fang following close behind.

Meanwhile, at the site of the mudslide, Mulberry remarks that it might not have been a natural disaster, as traces of explosive residue are found near the protective foundations. Saga discovers tracks in the sand made by a mobility scooter. At the same time, Zhou Shun, having lost all hope in his scheme to save the village, wanders aimlessly until he is approached by [[Wind Chimes]], the familiar female Messenger. She delivers the long-awaited financial subsidies that the village had urgently applied for two years earlier, much to Zhou Shun's bewilderment. It turns out that the local mandarins had responded to their request, but a [[Catastrophe]] had delayed the funds from reaching Moushan. Upon receiving the subsidies, the elder immediately orders Xiaoshi's release, but receives news that Xiaoshi has jumped off the mountain.

==Nameless Minion==
A while ago, Saga finds two children with the camcorder of the deceased boy. She turns it on and sees Wind Chimes, but the screen goes dark and the video cuts off. It is implied that the children learned how to turn on the camcorder by watching Saga. In the present, Xiaoshi struggles to escape from the villagers' grasp while they drag him up the mountain, but the villagers are struck unconscious by Qiubai. Meanwhile, Saga shares a story with Mulberry about a lawman who lived dutifully but could not resist when he discovered a cave of treasure stolen by bandits. He took two pieces of gold, but a fellow lawman blackmailed him into sharing the loot. The lawman slew his colleague and disguised the death as the bandits' doing. At the foot of the mountain, he met his victim's wife and murdered her as well in paranoia. Realizing that he could not escape his crimes, he became an infamous bandit. Mulberry is horrified, while Saga laments the unpredictability of the human heart. The story serves as a way for them to comprehend the events in Moushan.

Mr. Fang catches up to Qiubai, recounting how he once got tired from chasing a talpibeast in his youth, and expresses that he is glad Xiaoshi is unharmed. Xiaoshi, now free, plans to return to ruin the village's plans, but he is stopped by his father. Qiubai asks Mr. Fang the same question she asked before, whether Xiaoshi will have peace and safety in the village, but Xiaoshi insists on refuting his father on his own. Xiaoshi says that they were ostracized ever since his mother ran off, but they could always move to a nomadic city rather than stay in the village. Mr. Fang laments that he really does take after his mother, revealing that she married him because he was a hunter who traveled all over, but left with a salesman when she realized he intended to stay in Moushan. He had chased her into the wilderness to bring Xiaoshi back. His mother eventually failed to make a living in the city and died not long after she returned to the wilderness, sending a letter and compensation money that reached Mr. Fang many months after she died.

Mr. Fang asks whether Xiaoshi had lived a dignified life in the past years, concluding that Qiubai would not have brought him back to Moushan if that were the case. Xiaoshi tries to argue back, but falls silent when his voice cracks, and Mr. Fang states that he will throw himself off the cliff to prevent Xiaoshi from interfering. Xiaoshi, having calmed down, finally asks a simple question and receives an answer: it would be better if "Fang Xiaoshi" died. The boy then jumps off the cliff, much to the horror of both Qiubai and Mr. Fang.

In the village, Zhou Shun sorrowfully kowtows before his ancestors in repentance. He admits that he was the one who planted Xiaoshi's crude explosives around the Chidao's fortifications. He thought that the maintenance work would bring enough income for the village to survive the drought, but he did not anticipate that his plot would result in the deaths of two innocent boys. Saga approaches the elder, who is surprised to see her, as he thought she would still be escorting Mulberry. She asks for the fruit on the table and eats them while Zhou Shun continues lamenting. She replies that her presence in the village was a coincidence, that their machinations were never thorough, and that while it is natural and logical for a man to entertain evil thoughts, the small difference between an evil thought and an evil deed can lead to disastrous consequences. He feels bad for the people he wronged, and decides to ignite the final pouch of explosives. Fortunately, Saga swings her naginata and slices the pouch in time, admonishing him for thinking he can abandon the situation without true repentance. Zhou Shun laments that he never had the courage to ignite the explosives, unlike Xiaoshi, and after hearing Saga's stern lecture, he resolves to reveal the truth to the authorities. However, he has knelt for so long that he cannot stand up properly.

At the bottom of the cliff, Qiubai greets the weakened Xiaoshi, commenting that it seems he has lost his fear of death but retained his ability to discern good from evil, and that she has now saved him three times. She remarks that she nearly lost her own life saving him and tells him not to speak if he feels unwell. Qiubai allows him to follow her and leave the village, telling him about her past. While her father and the other bandits were put to death, she managed to escape and became a person without a name. She offers to teach him kung fu in the meantime, at least until he becomes capable enough to establish himself, but warns that she will kill him if he ever succumbs to evil.

[[File:The Nameless Wanderers.png|thumb|Lai ri fang chang (来日方长). Tomorrow is long.]]

==Lone Mountain==
The story takes place some time before the schemes in Moushan, from the perspective of the nameless boy who died in the mudslide. He was born sickly, grew up sheltered by his parents, and decided to make a documentary after being diagnosed with [[Oripathy]]. The outside world entrances him, and he hopes to capture the authentic lives of people, though he becomes increasingly afraid of the end. He loses his ID while traveling and encounters Wind Chimes, asking for permission to travel with her and film her. She agrees as long as he can keep up. They stop after leaving one village, and Wind Chimes reassures him that she never expected a city boy to keep up anyway. She asks about the things he films, and although she does not understand the authenticity he speaks of, she agrees to be interviewed. Wind Chimes talks about the people in the region, remarking that many move to nomadic cities, and that she is the only one left in the village she grew up in because she is [[Infected]]. But unlike others, she chooses to work as a Messenger despite having better opportunities in the cities.

The boy ponders about change happening on a larger scale, so that people in rural regions can have equal access to resources and opportunities. After he turns off the camera, Wind Chimes tells him about an unforgettable memory of hers, which happens to be the time her left horn broke when she blocked a falling rock. The topic comes up again later, as the boy expresses his hope that raising awareness will help bring change to the backwater region, but his words annoy Wind Chimes. Although she acknowledges that life is harsher there, she perceives his compassion as unwanted pity born from ignorance. He tries to apologize, but Wind Chimes tells him she will not help with his documentary and walks away.

Two months after the events in Moushan, Wind Chimes has the camera fixed and its data restored with [[Click]]'s help. When Click asks her about it, she can only say that the camera is filled with scenery, and is filled with regret after she watched his final recording. Mulberry gives Wind Chimes her test results, and they talk about the nameless boy, whose identity has yet to be discovered. Wind Chimes can only say that he was Infected. Later, she and Mulberry visit Moushan again, and Wind Chimes notices the busy villagers and the new equipment, though Zhou Shun is said to have left the village. She offers to take a photo of two children who have built a tractor out of abandoned tools from the Chidao builders. Wind Chimes resolves to help the boy finish his documentary through his camcorder, beginning to understand his reasons for making it, and thanks him for telling her his stories.

In the boy's final recording, he bumps into Fang Xiaoshi, who is irritated at first but then becomes intrigued by the camera. He asks the documentarian to record his proclamation: Fang Xiaoshi will become the greatest hero in all the lands. Xiaoshi then quickly runs off, claiming that [[Qiubai|a demon]] is chasing him.

{{Synopses}}
[[Category:Story Collection synopses]]